Warn about sourcemap leakage (#10637)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/sourcemaps/overview/javascript.remix.mdx

    sentryVitePlugin({
      // If you use .sentryclirc or environment variables,
      // you don't need to specify these options
      authToken: "___SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN___",
      org: "___SENTRY_ORG_SLUG___",
      project: "___SENTRY_PROJECT_SLUG___",
    }),
  ],
  build: {
    sourcemap: true,
    // ... rest of your Vite build options
  },

  // ... rest of your Vite config
});
```

<Alert>

>   Generating sourcemaps may expose them to the public, potentially causing your
>   source code to be leaked. You can prevent your source maps from being publicly
>   accessible by configuring your server to deny access to `.js.map` files, or by
>   using the [Sentry Vite Plugin's
>   `sourcemaps.filesToDeleteAfterUpload`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/vite-plugin#sourcemapsfilestodeleteafterupload)
>   option to delete source maps after they have been uploaded to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Generating sourcemaps may expose them to the public, potentially causing your
  source code to be leaked. You can prevent this by configuring your server to deny access to `.js.map` files, or by
  using [Sentry Vite Plugin's
  `sourcemaps.filesToDeleteAfterUpload`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/vite-plugin#sourcemapsfilestodeleteafterupload)
  option to delete source maps after they've been uploaded to Sentry.
```
